ENH/DOC: add automatic output code block generation, improve contributor guide (#385)
DassHydro/smash: doc/source/contributor_guide/development_process_details.rst

User guide
**********

The user guide contains tutorials with code examples and explanations of various functionalities of `smash`.

> There are two approaches for writing a tutorial: using the ipython directive or using the code block directive. 

Reviewer: I think it looks consistent to use that code format here instead of pure text

```suggestion
There are two approaches for writing a tutorial: using the ``.. ipython:: python`` directive or using the ``.. code-block:: python`` directive. 
```

    .. code-block:: rst

        .. code-block:: python
        
            >>> text = "smash developer"
            >>> text
        
        .. parsed-literal::

            smash developer

    However, this way, the documentation may become outdated if the source code changes. To automatically create or update the output code, it is highly recommended to use ``doc/source/user_guide/pyexec_rst.py``.
    For example, consider a file named ``doc/source/user_guide/in_depth/foo.rst``:

    .. code-block:: rst
    
        .. code-block:: python

            >>> text = "smash developer"
            >>> text
    
        .. parsed-literal::

            type any text here

    To generate or update the output code:

    .. code-block:: shell

        python3 pyexec_rst.py in_depth/foo.rst

    The output code will be generated in the ``doc/source/user_guide/in_depth/foo.rst`` file (if you choose to overwrite this file, otherwise a new file will be generated).

    .. code-block:: rst
    
        .. code-block:: python

            >>> text = "smash developer"
            >>> text

        .. parsed-literal::

            smash developer

    .. note::

>         Since the second approach is more manual, it is recommended to add the path of the file written using this approach to ``doc/source/user_guide/files_with_code_block.csv`` (if not already included). 

Reviewer: I have a question: It take me awhile to understand that "second approach" mean "code block directive approach". At first, I thought "first approach" was "only code-block directive", and "second approach" was "code-block directive + pyexec_rst.py" because that was the last 2 things we talked about before this paragraph. Do you think it worth clarify like this suggestion? 

```suggestion
        Since the ``.. code-block:: python`` directive approach is more manual, it is recommended to add the path of the file written using this approach to ``doc/source/user_guide/files_with_code_block.csv`` (if not already included). 
```

Author: Yes, thanks !
